Video1:
Hi, Flavio. Hey boss, what's it going? Good. What are you doing? It's a nice t-shirt. Love it. It's been crazy this weekend.
I have so many ICOEGs, so many new hookups, and I'm really freaking out because I don't remember any of the new ACNES terminology for ICOEG.
Oh, this is tough. Well, we should bring in an expert. A person who really spearheaded creation of the standardized terminology is a fan of
our show. Oh, nice. Who's that? Might be a way to get it to come on. He's very famous, and he before him, ICOEG was K-O. Oh, wow. Now,
because of him, three iterations in at least, I think it might be more. We have a very perfected terminology, and if we could get him to
come on, your conclusion will evaporate. That's a good idea. Let's do it. We set our eye here, by the way. That's a good idea.
.....

Video2:
Alright, then modifiers are all defined. So if you say there's some pattern is frequent, that means it occupies between 10 and 49% of the
record. Again, just make up uses for these things, they're defined. So this is prevalent. So percent of the record that has a pattern, there's
also duration, which is how long each instance of the pattern lasts. We'll get to that. So people get those confused. So this is when you see,
so say you see rhythmic delta activity intermittently in a record. If you add it all off the percent of the record, that's prevalence.
.....

Video3:
So this is burst versus periodic discharges. It looks like the number of phases is the key thing that is different. Yeah, so two things. So to
be a burst, it has to last more than half a second and it has to have at least four phases. So if either one of those is not true, then it's
just a discharge. Oh, if it's less than half a second, it doesn't matter how many phases it's still a discharge. And if it's just a big delta
wave, it's lasting a whole second or even by phase at one, that's still just a discharge as well. So this is the definition of highly uplift
......

Video4:
Hey Fabio. Hey Brandon. How's your holiday? It's going well, but I'm having some issues bringing some EEGs. I found that the terminology we
learned with Dr. Hirsch was really handy over the holidays. My mother-in-law was visiting and we had a lot to say about ICU EEGs, so if you're
having trouble still, do you think we should bring Dr. Hirsch back? Yeah, I think he forgot to talk about seizures. It's New Year's Day. Do
you think he'll come on New Year's? Yeah, it's a hard sell. Maybe if we wear these hats, go for it back. Do you think he'll like them? Yeah,
maybe he'll like them. Maybe he'll like them. Interesting headwear you have. What's going on with the hats? Well, we had originally invited
.....

Video5:
So, bird stands for brief, potentially Ictol rhythmic discharges. For a brief time, it was spelled out with parentheses around the eye for
the potentially Ictol, but that got so hard to type that we decided to just get rid of it. So this is the formal ACNS definition of birds now.
With negativity graded in four hertz, notice it can be focal or generalized. And like any pattern, you have to have at least six waves for a
decal. And it has to be between 0.5 and 10 seconds. It can't be a normal variant, can't be RMTD or a run of wickets. And it cannot be part of
burst suppression or burst detainuation. Because then they're just called bursts, potentially highly up for the form burst, but they're
......